Upgrading to connect package from utility-connect + REBRANDING (#23)
ArcadiaPower/platform-quickstart: README.md

This command will concurrently start:

> 1. A React web app integrated with Arc Connect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A React web app using [connect-react](https://github.com/ArcadiaPower/connect-react/) to integrate with Arc Connect
```
